The fish that leaps the highest, tastes the greatest
One hundred million butterflies cannot defeat my hunger
A printer is worth a thousand words
Cookie dough is not safe to eat
A pear may be good right now
Did you remember me?
A thousand words a day keeps the ignorance at bay
To pick your nose is to dig into the deepest parts of yourself
Just as I thought! You are the real One
Unexpected
It is easier to fight a tiger than a shark. A shark can't climb a tree
It is easier to fight a tiger than a shark. A shark can't run
It is easier to fight a tiger than a shark. A shark can't drive a car
To the one person who reads this, you are wanted. Run
When will people learn that the earth does not revolve around them? If it did, I would be flung off
To hurt me, is to gain nothing. To hurt you, is to make me laugh
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute
If you need to go then go, if not then don't
Bigger is not always better. Imagine the booger
Forsooth comes the mare. On top it, a crimson glare
Do not get lucky. Merely try your best
A juicy fruit may seem correct, but fret not, a lion is the test
Rhyming may seem easy. But no
The jungle cat is elusive, quick, and powerful. I am not. I am sad
Doing anything new is hard. Don't give up
Falls of [sic] cliff
Jump into a vat of jelly please
Inspirational quotes are overrated
Red is to evil as apple is to doctor
Find a better teacher. I have taught you all that I know. (Doesn't actually know anything)
For every compliment you get, give a complaint. Always stay net positive.
The truth may seem far away, but you can always walk towards it
Happiness is never impossible. One must only work towards it
Try not to disappoint me. I wish you the best
The art of war depends on the artists. Bring out the giant easle
This is not a family friendly website. I hate families!
Always stay on top so you can kick others down
Cooking is too difficult. Eat dirt
The sky wishes it was me
Veganism deserves a place. Somewhere
这不是英语
Este pescado huele loco
3799
Euphoria is a lie made by Big Pharma
Quit playing around. Life is a precious experience
Isn't it funny when t
Populi Menai Reta
Pounce like a lima bean
For you, I give the world. For you, I give the stars
Mucho Macho Mango
Believe in me as I believe in you
Competitions are dumb. Just let me win
If I lose, it is because you are cheating
The machinations of the mind unfurl towards me
Torrential rains quench the thirst of the arid desert, though the unlucky fool does not know why
Look above the sky and reach beyond
Absolute victory is nearing reach
I am not lost, I just don't know where I am heading
Big words suggest intelligence. Hippopotamus
Often, fools are given gold
One does not know what to do with a memory until one secures it
Steep yourself in the bathtub of knowledge, but don't forget to warm it up first
Only an idiot does not wash their hands before eating
Remember to drink water. Dry lips
Complete your sidequests
Push through no matter what. Unless there is a wall in the way, then walk around it
Wishing for money is insignificant in the long term. Wish for more wishes
Insanity is a sign of insane ashfhsaufipheuaipfjsidop
Do not fear death. Fear the thing in the closet